hello everybody welcome to this edition
of red carpet I'm sure all our Jets fans
are so excited this Pongal for the
release of Dallas veeram acting with him
in this movie is the very gorgeous
tamanna' cuckoo cuckoo the movie is
being written and directed by Sara
teshuvah the producers of veeram are a
major production the music of this movie
is given by devi sri prasad director
siva has confirmed that this movie is
going to be an out-and-out masala family
entertainer acting with the thala Ajith
and Samana will be for a very young
talented actors they play the role of
brothers to tal Hajus Bombonera acting
as brothers to thala Ajith in this movie
odd with that of minor Fame Bala Manish
and Sahil shondo kasoori Enchantix
happens to be the brother of Formula one
racer
karun Chandhok Anjali
competing against allah argit as the
character of the villain in this movie
is Pradeep rabbit of Ghazni Fame
supersonic theorem is an action based
masala of family entertainer the movie
is based in the village called attention
theorem it will explore the very
beautiful sentiments of actor Rajat with
his four brothers we also got to hear
that this very massive village set was
erected in Orissa so it will be great oh
I'm sure visually to see this beautiful
village that they have created call
attach a theorem all colleges fans I'm
sure you are absolutely loving his salt
and pepper look so not a disappointed so
this one can also we are going to be
seeing Talia argit Don the same very
stylish look gonna be the manual Ramon
1190 Anna karma the good thing a
handsome he is one actor who defies age
and brings great character for us on
celluloid
so this Pongal is gonna be the same and
we're going to see the magic the album
of veeram is already topping the charts
there are top three songs which
everybody is going crazy about out of
the five songs for which music director
Devi Sri Prasad has gotten together with
lyricist vivica the intro song is very
interesting because that will be
introducing after Rajas and his four
brothers it is double interesting
because the song has action sequences
and dance it's going to be very grinder
because we got to hear 500 junior
artists participated in this song the
other two songs that are causing a lot
of interest in the album is choco shells
very melodious romantic number and
veeram theme song which
very very energetic the logit film is
going to be absolutely incomplete
without his a daredevil stunts so yes
big treat waiting for you guys this
Pongal is his big big stunt we got to
hear from the director that a huge
sequence of stunts also choreographed on
a train over a bridge you can now so far
all our fans we have enjoyed the two
teasers that veeram crew has released on
the Internet and both have got amazing
response particularly everybody is
believing that 2014 so biggest in the
most popular punch dialogue is going to
be the most interesting twist in Pongal
is going to be the release of booth
Donner and Thal over these next movies
yes a lot of tension in the air also
very interestingly a lot of common
factors between the two movies gel and
veeram they share the same stunt master
Silva they share the same villain bad
guy Freddy prophet and also the Risinger
viola Kahraman is giving comic relief in
both the movies so everybody I'm sure
you guys are waiting for Pongal to watch
both the movies and pick your favorite
so wishing one and all are very happy
Tala Thalapathi Pongal Dora Tabata Cupid